hey everypony it's mr. at sierra's I
wanted to do one more video before
bronycon which is in about two weeks and
i'm so hyped up for it I can't even tell
you but once life seems to settle back
into the norm when I College schedules
back normal once i'm done with the video
showing all my sweet pony swags that I'm
hopefully going to bring back I want to
announce that I'm planning on doing a
chicken call to contest um to say thank
you to all my fans cuz i can't believe i
have like it's either almost 800 or my
cancer subscribers i think it's 800 you
guys are crazy but um I wanted to say
thank you and my plan is the reason why
I have all this like stuff in front of
you is I want to sculpt whoever wins the
contest their own pony whether it be an
OC or a pony from the actual show now
i'll post another video later after
BroNYCon once everything's calmed down
and settle down a lot kind of stuff
giving more detail about the contest but
basically um like I said an OC or a
character from the show please nothing
crazy because I can't do like 500 wings
I'm a giant like Alec horn of doom with
like flames and madness I can't do that
can i crack that's ridiculous but um
yeah so I thought I would kind of show
you I don't have a finished Pony sculpt
because I recently just got back in the
sculpting with clay but i thought i'd
show you the one that i have closest at
the moment it's actually my OC double
click my profile picture and everything
and i'm working on she's already been
bait she's already been sanded this is
all sculpt that actually did this one in
the day took a bunch of hours but I did
it um I still to get the painting and
all that kind of stuff I have to stand
her down a bit more she's still a little
rough in some areas but this is the
closest I have right now to a finished
piece to show you BroNYCon recently
announced a art contest um where the
theme is sun and moon and i plan on a
drink which is why i have like a half
made pony in front of you um but i don't
plan on doing Celestia or Luna because
that's very cliche at this moment and
there's no point in doing that because I
have a feeling that just beat all
straight out the window well I'm hoping
to use this as kind of a way to hate the
word but promote myself because I'm
hoping to eventually do
commissions but um I plan on doing a
moon OC and a son OC not like luna and
celestia these ponies are going to be
physical representations of the moon and
the Sun now so far this one is at the
moment just a backside with one fully
sculpted laying and one that's almost
fully sculpted it's still a little rough
but um so far it's turning out pretty
good i stole that's only like a sneak
peak though this is actually the pony
that that backside is going to become by
the time I actually finish with it he
obviously won't be in that pose because
he'll be laying down but yeah that's
only a sneak peak once I'm done with him
there's another pony that's going to be
in a picture that's do the Sun so I'm
hoping that this will turn out well and
maybe I'll even place but when I keep my
hopes too high but i thought i would
show this off if you want to see a
complete pony before you really are
interested in entering the contest if
you want i can do a video once i'm done
with the art piece showing it off
because these two are going to be quite
big figures i mean he's already dwarfing
her and he's just nothing but a backside
and legs but yeah i can show those of
you guys who are interested in let me
know in the comments below but this is
my way of saying thank you to all my
subscribers since i have almost 800 of
them like i said i'll get more to
details after BroNYCon about how you can
actually like enter to win 1 i'm still
debating if i should do like I don't
know the thousand subscriber gets it or
post a comment telling me like your
favorite toy memory or something like
that I don't I haven't decided yet um
but yeah I thought I'd give you guys
just a heads up um and yeah keep an eye
out thanks